# mongo-operator

operator log files

```
{"level":"info","ts":1622029943.631209,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"Created a new mongo key","Request.Namespace":"mongo-dev","Request.Name":"my-cluster-name","KeyName":"my-cluster-name-mongodb-keyfile"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622029945.6872404,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"failed to reconcile cluster","Request.Namespace":"mongo-dev","Request.Name":"my-cluster-name","replset":"cfg","error":"handleReplsetInit: no mongod containers in running state","errorVerbose":"no mongod containers in running state\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.init\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:217\nruntime.doInit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:6265\nruntime.doInit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:6242\nruntime.doInit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:6242\nruntime.main\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:208\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\nhandleReplsetInit\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).reconcileCluster\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:32\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:419\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachiner
y/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:421\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-
operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622029947.7924929,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"failed to reconcile cluster","Request.Namespace":"mongo-dev","Request.Name":"my-cluster-name","replset":"rs0","error":"handleReplsetInit: no mongod containers in running state","errorVerbose":"no mongod containers in running state\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.init\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:217\nruntime.doInit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:6265\nruntime.doInit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:6242\nruntime.doInit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:6242\nruntime.main\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:208\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\nhandleReplsetInit\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).reconcileCluster\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:32\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:419\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachiner
y/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:421\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-
operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622029978.9483206,"logger":"controller-runtime.controller","msg":"Reconciler error","controller":"psmdb-controller","request":"mongo-dev/my-cluster-name","error":"create pbm object: create PBM connection to my-cluster-name-rs0-0.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017: create mongo connection: mongo ping: server selection error: server selection timeout, current topology: { Type: Unknown, Servers: [{ Addr: my-cluster-name-rs0-0.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017, Type: Unknown, State: Connected, Average RTT: 0, Last error: connection() : dial tcp: lookup my-cluster-name-rs0-0.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local on 10.43.0.10:53: no such host }, ] }","errorVerbose":"server selection error: server selection timeout, current topology: { Type: Unknown, Servers: [{ Addr: my-cluster-name-rs0-0.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017, Type: Unknown, State: Connected, Average RTT: 0, Last error: connection() : dial tcp: lookup my-cluster-name-rs0-0.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local on 10.43.0.10:53: no such host }, ] }\nmongo ping\ngithub.com/percona/percona-backup-mongodb/pbm.connect\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/percona/percona-backup-mongodb/pbm/pbm.go:425\ngithub.com/percona/percona-backup-mongodb/pbm.New\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/percona/percona-backup-mongodb/pbm/pbm.go:229\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/backup.NewPBM\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/backup/pbm.go:81\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).updatePITR\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/backup.go:221\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMon
goDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:463\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\ncreate mongo connection\ngithub.com/percona/percona-backup-mongodb/pbm.New\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/percona/percona-backup-mongodb/pbm/pbm.go:231\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/backup.NewPBM\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/backup/pbm.go:81\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).updatePITR\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/backup.go:221\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perco
naservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:463\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\ncreate PBM connection to my-cluster-name-rs0-0.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/backup.NewPBM\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/backup/pbm.go:83\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).updatePITR\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/backup.go:221\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcil
e\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:463\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\ncreate pbm object\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).updatePITR\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/backup.go:223\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:463\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-ru
ntime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:258\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wai
t.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"info","ts":1622029982.0527866,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"initiating replset","replset":"cfg","pod":"my-cluster-name-cfg-0"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622029988.163003,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"failed to reconcile cluster","Request.Namespace":"mongo-dev","Request.Name":"my-cluster-name","replset":"cfg","error":"handleReplsetInit: exec add admin user: command terminated with exit code 1 / Percona Server for MongoDB shell version v4.4.5-7\nconnecting to: mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/?compressors=disabled&gssapiServiceName=mongodb\nImplicit session: session { \"id\" : UUID(\"cecb2e1a-54ba-4fe3-8fda-edcd8b4548b0\") }\nPercona Server for MongoDB server version: v4.4.5-7\nuncaught exception: Error: couldn't add user: command createUser requires authentication :\n_getErrorWithCode@src/mongo/shell/utils.js:25:13\nDB.prototype.createUser@src/mongo/shell/db.js:1386:11\n@(shell):1:1\nbye\nError saving history file: FileOpenFailed Unable to open() file /home/mongodb/.dbshell: No such file or directory\n / ","errorVerbose":"exec add admin user: command terminated with exit code 1 / Percona Server for MongoDB shell version v4.4.5-7\nconnecting to: mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/?compressors=disabled&gssapiServiceName=mongodb\nImplicit session: session { \"id\" : UUID(\"cecb2e1a-54ba-4fe3-8fda-edcd8b4548b0\") }\nPercona Server for MongoDB server version: v4.4.5-7\nuncaught exception: Error: couldn't add user: command createUser requires authentication :\n_getErrorWithCode@src/mongo/shell/utils.js:25:13\nDB.prototype.createUser@src/mongo/shell/db.js:1386:11\n@(shell):1:1\nbye\nError saving history file: FileOpenFailed Unable to open() file /home/mongodb/.dbshell: No such file or directory\n / \nhandleReplsetInit\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).reconcileCluster\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:32\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-ser
ver-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:419\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:421\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/g
o/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622029990.19222,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"failed to reconcile cluster","Request.Namespace":"mongo-dev","Request.Name":"my-cluster-name","replset":"rs0","error":"handleReplsetInit: no mongod containers in running state","errorVerbose":"no mongod containers in running state\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.init\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:217\nruntime.doInit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:6265\nruntime.doInit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:6242\nruntime.doInit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:6242\nruntime.main\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/proc.go:208\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\nhandleReplsetInit\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).reconcileCluster\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:32\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:419\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/
pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:421\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-op
erator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622030021.5582352,"logger":"controller-runtime.controller","msg":"Reconciler error","controller":"psmdb-controller","request":"mongo-dev/my-cluster-name","error":"failed to start balancer: failed to get mongos connection: failed to ping mongo: context deadline exceeded","errorVerbose":"failed to ping mongo: context deadline exceeded\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/mongo.Dial\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/mongo/mongo.go:61\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).mongosClient\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/connections.go:114\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).mongosClientWithRole\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/connections.go:94\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).enableBalancerIfNeeded\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/balancer.go:74\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:439\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/con
troller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\nfailed to get mongos connection\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).enableBalancerIfNeeded\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/balancer.go:76\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:439\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/
percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\nfailed to start balancer\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:440\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/g
ithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:258\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622030022.703896,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"failed to reconcile cluster","Request.Namespace":"mongo-dev","Request.Name":"my-cluster-name","replset":"rs0","error":"undefined state of the replset member my-cluster-name-rs0-2.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017: 8","errorVerbose":"undefined state of the replset member my-cluster-name-rs0-2.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017: 8\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).reconcileCluster\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:191\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:419\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com
/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:421\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622030023.1368775,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"failed to reconcile cluster","Request.Namespace":"mongo-dev","Request.Name":"my-cluster-name","replset":"rs0","error":"undefined state of the replset member my-cluster-name-rs0-2.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017: 8","errorVerbose":"undefined state of the replset member my-cluster-name-rs0-2.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017: 8\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).reconcileCluster\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:191\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:419\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.co
m/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:421\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622030025.2828076,"logger":"controller-runtime.controller","msg":"Reconciler error","controller":"psmdb-controller","request":"mongo-dev/my-cluster-name","error":"failed to start balancer: failed to get mongos connection: failed to ping mongo: context deadline exceeded","errorVerbose":"failed to ping mongo: context deadline exceeded\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/mongo.Dial\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/mongo/mongo.go:61\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).mongosClient\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/connections.go:114\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).mongosClientWithRole\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/connections.go:94\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).enableBalancerIfNeeded\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/balancer.go:74\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:439\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/con
troller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\nfailed to get mongos connection\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).enableBalancerIfNeeded\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/balancer.go:76\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:439\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/
percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\nfailed to start balancer\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:440\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/g
ithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:258\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622030026.407475,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"failed to reconcile cluster","Request.Namespace":"mongo-dev","Request.Name":"my-cluster-name","replset":"rs0","error":"undefined state of the replset member my-cluster-name-rs0-2.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017: 8","errorVerbose":"undefined state of the replset member my-cluster-name-rs0-2.my-cluster-name-rs0.mongo-dev.svc.cluster.local:27017: 8\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).reconcileCluster\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/mgo.go:191\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:419\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com
/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:421\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622030028.5078447,"logger":"controller_psmdb","msg":"failed to update cluster status","Request.Namespace":"mongo-dev","Request.Name":"my-cluster-name","replset":"rs0","error":"set upgradeInProgres: StatefulSet.apps \"my-cluster-name-rs0\" not found","errorVerbose":"StatefulSet.apps \"my-cluster-name-rs0\" not found\nset upgradeInProgres\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).updateStatus\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/status.go:120\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:209\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:440\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\
t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:211\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:440\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wai
t.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
{"level":"error","ts":1622030028.508045,"logger":"controller-runtime.controller","msg":"Reconciler error","controller":"psmdb-controller","request":"mongo-dev/my-cluster-name","error":"failed to start balancer: failed to get mongos connection: failed to ping mongo: context deadline exceeded","errorVerbose":"failed to ping mongo: context deadline exceeded\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/mongo.Dial\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/psmdb/mongo/mongo.go:61\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).mongosClient\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/connections.go:114\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).mongosClientWithRole\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/connections.go:94\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).enableBalancerIfNeeded\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/balancer.go:74\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:439\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/cont
roller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\nfailed to get mongos connection\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).enableBalancerIfNeeded\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/balancer.go:76\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:439\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/p
ercona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371\nfailed to start balancer\ngithub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb.(*ReconcilePerconaServerMongoDB).Reconcile\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/pkg/controller/perconaservermongodb/psmdb_controller.go:440\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:256\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88\nruntime.goexit\n\t/usr/local/go/src/runtime/asm_amd64.s:1371","stacktrace":"github.com/go-logr/zapr.(*zapLogger).Error\n\t/go/src/gi
thub.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/github.com/go-logr/zapr/zapr.go:128\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).reconcileHandler\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:258\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).processNextWorkItem\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:232\nsigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller.(*Controller).worker\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/internal/controller/controller.go:211\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil.func1\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:152\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.JitterUntil\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:153\nk8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait.Until\n\t/go/src/github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/vendor/k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/util/wait/wait.go:88"}
```
